The Joe Rogan experience. How about lean on me? Boom, boom.
Lean song. You know what to tell you?
I use that song as the background theme for my roasting of
Charlemagne the God, yo,
I just want to say I have famed solve for this joke. Yo, yo,
I hate solves some times in
life. I pray for him. Cause a slaughter Hill's son.
But why do you guys go at it so hard? I don't understand
you brought it up.
I didn't bring it up. I'll explain it up early.
But I brought it up about explain it. I'll explain it. Joe,
Joe, Joe, listen, this was a day of frustration right here. Okay.
I've known this crew for some years, Joe. Angela,
you go back 20 years. DJ envy, go back 15.
We used to do hot 97 together. Charlemagne.
We worked at MTV's guy code together. Right? It's all love. We know each other.
Right. And then I used to go up there up there so much.
Cause I work at Caroline's on Broadway, you know? That's what you promoted.
So I go up there, they started just thinking they want to play pranks on me.
Right? Like, oh, we got a laugh. You know, one prank was um,
when he comes in, no one laughs at his jokes. All right, right.
This went by look just like this. One of them is like the Joe, when he comes in,
don't laugh at his jokes. Right. So I'd go in and I ain't try to be funny.
I'm just funny. And nobody laughed with anything and I'm like, John,
I'm thinking like this. I'm like, I know, I know the fixes on Joe, Joe. I know.
He was suspicious, Joe, something.
Was wrong. Have you ever seen me in a room and nobody's laughing?
I can't tell you that.
No. Okay. That's pretty much everywhere I go. I'm just being honest.
So you're funny. I know I'm funny, but not even that, but my energy,
even if I'm not funny, my energy is, is good.
I came in there trying to play it and I'm like, oh,
I'm about to tear everybody up in his room. I'm like, I don't hit women,
but you sh I'm gonna hit you with something. Right. And they like, ah,
we told them not to laugh. And I'm like, okay, little corny joke,
three or four other times I go, do they keep doing these jokes? And I'm like,
stop doing the jokes. Like
I know we're friends, whatever.
But at the same time I do have a resume.
I have done stuff. I continue to do stuff as much as they want to play.
This is the reality of it. She feels like it's disrespectful. No,
it's a disrespectful way. Like anything you try to call me. Not funny.
You see me stand up. 6,500 people were ready to sit at musical Charlemagne.
You said out of your voice that Danielle, um,
I went to see radio city, music hall, uh, Chris rock,
Dave Chappelle and Danielle performed that night. He said, I love all of them.
And I had taken away. Now. He said, but Danielle, that night was on.
You saw that. You saw all this.
So you trying to say you corny,
which is the allergic word to a black comedian. You corny like no,
you trying to give the impression that I'm corny or that funny.
It's just a waste of time. And it don't make sense.
So now that we get a little joke stuff off,
now give me a real interview. You know what I mean?
That that's the only thing I say, get me a real interview.
Okay. Did you, does he know? You feel like this?
You ever talked to him off the air?
Yeah. We talked about it, but what I'm saying is, but this is how petty he is.
He, this is,
this is this reason why he won't stop because he won't stop. Right.
He'll say I've, I've expressed myself to him like this. He said,
that's why I'm like playing with you. You're too sensitive. Right?
So we go back for us like, okay, it. Let's go back.
And like we've had the conversation, but what I realized Joe,
is that it doesn't matter what I say. He's never going to give it, you know,
he's never going to do it.
So what I have to do is continue to destroy him on the level that I need to
destroy him in the memes. I'm ruthless.
I've seen them. And people are like, I thought.
It was a inside fun joke though. I didn't know. It was so.
Serious. No, it's serious. And it's funny. Okay, Joe,
everything is always underlining. Everything is always something underlying.
It's like, no, we're cool. But ah, so it's.
Never, you never feel comfortable.
I liked him and the reason, oh, I like we'll have fun together.
I have said to him,
you know why I said, I know why you think you're a sex symbol and you look good.
I said, because I was in South Carolina this weekend, right? And I say,
you are the best looking person in South Carolina. You should feel like a king.
We with each other like that. But also know his radio background.
I'll never take this away from, this is where we differ.
His radio background has coming from South Carolina.
You know how this is getting radio break going from market like South Carolina
to New York, New York is the number one radio market period.
You go from that from a PA or intern, whatever entry level position you had.
You go from that and you build and you grind and you a country, you a country.
And you, and now your Charlemagne, the God who works hard. And he says.
Cast with Andrew Schultz to what is.
That brilliant idiot. But.
He does.
Very good. He does. I'm a, I'm a person of this. Two of them together. They are.
They're great. I'm a person like this, Joe, if you doing it,
I can't hate on that. You're doing it. You do a really good job at it.
You you doing late night and all that type of. I respect that.
But stop with the same class. You can't clown me.
You can't clown me. I'm not a, you, you can't clown me.
You giving people asses for Christmas presents.
Giving people. You didn't notice, Joe. No.
Joe, you didn't notice. I didn't know. What the are you doing.
Man? Just busy doing other stuff. Oh yeah. We went through.
This again. Right? I forgot. We went through this with spit the 16 two.
I'm sorry. I didn't mean this is different. Like giving them fake.
Now you okay. Can I play in this scenario before you see this video? Okay.
Right. And I'm not trying to say anybody's gay,
but sometime people are real comfortable.
Comfortable, real comfortable. Okay.
If Jamie were to come in here like this and be like, oh Joe, good to see you,
man. I haven't seen you since hallway. I got a gift for you. You'd be like,
thanks, Jamie. That's nice.
You open a box and he opened that box and you open it.
And then as Jamie gave you this as a gift.
Okay, here we go. No, it's open it. Let's see.
What is this?
This is friends.
Is that a rubber? What does that look, Joe?
Oh, he made a mold of his. Oh, okay. That's funny. That
was kind of funny by how long fell a little bit, either. As long as.
He goes and put his finger in the booty hole.
Well, you know, you do what you gotta do and you want to get a loud.
you talking about man. I don't care. Really.
Okay. All right. All right. You're comfortable. You would be comfortable. Black,
black. What the? Wait.
The road show. So is that,
would you design an exact mold or do you just like give him a picture? I didn't.
See Joe.
Do that. Here it is. You know that that's.
And guess what, Joe, and this is what I try to sell. You really appreciate that.
That's white boy humor right there. You love that joke.
It's natural to lie to you. It's not my favorite thing.
That's your favorite thing, but that's the humor you can respect. That's what,
that's what you're telling me. Like dude, I teabag tubes my whole life there.
No, I haven't ever done that. But what they're doing is that's unnecessary,
unnecessary and rude. Okay. And no one likes it like that anyway. Oh.
Oh my God. Oh my God. This is the set up.
That's the thing with porn stars, man. They,
they get paid to get like molds of their body. And then dude. So you're.
Trying to say Charlotte man is a porn star.
That's how they make those.
Okay, Joe, I don't know how the they made that one,
but don't bring it to my interview and don't keep putting it in my.
Is that fair? I know. Just think about this. Why is there a hole dude here?
If it's a mold of your, the only reason why there's a hole as they put it there,
they put a place. We can stick something in.
I'm making Joe is that that's not what you give your mans. I understand.
I know. You're going to know how to break it down. The whole in the anal cavity.
I wouldn't do it. And all that.
Type of. That's not what I'm.
Saying. And then would you be sketchy of a guy and then what.
Are they going to fill it up with cream? What is that? They're polishing it.
That's DJ envy. He got a family. Joe.
He's got a family job. No, he's got a family and a dope son is like jigs.
Envy's a great father. He's got family there.
Go for it. Once you already got the party row on your finger in a rubber.
Pot, man.
If I ride with cocoa butter, I'm not, I'm not mad. I'm not mad. So.
You don't, you don't. Okay. Now I wouldn't want.
That. So I wouldn't, here's the thing.
I wouldn't want someone to give me that I wouldn't want to be there.
I wouldn't want to have to deal with it when I.
Got, I don't want to be around the type of that I don't.
Want to be fingering it. No, I don't.
No down. Now you're going to understand them. I understand.
The point I'm making is that I know that's your thing, the booty stuff,
but a little, you guys have fun, you know like y'all, y'all have fun doing it.
I am not of that place or space. You're not.
Into finger and rubber butts. Not all people on camera.
And then they went back and forth son. They went back and forth.
I had to keep doing the corny jokes. And the last time I went up there,
I knew I already knew they was going to do. They're going to try to do a choke.
You know, those horns they take to soccer matches.
Yeah.
I went to the breakfast club with a bag full of them.
And every time he says I've dragged it like this, Hey Jesus.
I shut him that he couldn't talk. Right. Then I'm shaking it. Like,
I'm like this. I got the, just the free on his freezer, my hand,
like I'm shaking. I'm like, eh, and then my went dead. Then he say,
yeah, you ain't got no more spray. I went right in my bag,
Joe and I got another clip.
I knew you would like that part more than anything. I clipped up on his.
I was using windage. You know what? When did you is on the gun, right? Yeah,
I was using and I tore his up and I'm smoking them.
Then they still want to do the jokes. They still wanna do the jokes.
They ain't like this, Joe. They won't stop Joe. These won't stop, Joe.
They still won't stop. Right. This both stop. I'm telling you, Joe.
So now they're like, oh yeah, your interview is over. We're going to leave guys.
They get up and leave you there and leave me there. That's a joke.
What'd you do to take over the radio show, Joe. And I would imagine.
It was about to go down. They said we're leaving. I was like the outta here.
Angela Yee that's my girl, ye stayed. Angela. You said,
they said you go on Angelina. Like Nomis day.
They left the room man and Lee in there now to interview,
I kind of wanted them to give me the series interview or whatever.
Me and Angela clicked right into to serious interview. The bus packer.
Hey, what are you doing? I'm like, no, y'all done go. And I keep on with me,
Joe. You know what? I'm sizzling, Joe, you know, I'm sensitive,
Joe, Joe, you know the.
Look on your face. They keep on with me. Joe,
Joe Is going to be like tiger king.
I ain't going to jail. with the. I can tell you that is not going to be.
But now it's like, it's fun. Every time I got an opportunity, it's so much fun.
Let me show you. You already, I got to just show you. This is,
I have an arsenal. I have an arsenal of this, son. Hold on. Bearded humor.
Be making these joints. Look, hold on. Hold on. Beard is humor. Yeah.
That's my guy. Look at these headlines. Beauty humor. He's so dope.
Look at that. You did, you know this story?
Jessie Smollett allegedly had sex with his attacker
at Chicago bathhouse and then it's.
Him and his whole Jesse. And who else?
Oh, that looks like you Photoshop Charlotte maidens.
Photoshop Charlemagne. That was him. Sign it.
The same terrible Photoshop.
That's not a terrible shot. Maggot hat on. You got the message.
You got the message. That's the type of venom out. Continue.
To spin me thinking. That's funny. He does.
That's hilarious.
How could you not, how could you not.
Because I told him. Yeah,
but I will say people ask the thing about everywhere I go, people like yo,
the breakfast club, they'd be with you son. They'd be with you. Sign.